chore(implementation.mdx): updated the status of the delivery promise from closed beta to open beta (#2896)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/components/features/delivery-promise/components.mdx

Author: ```suggestion
This guide focuses on the core components provided by the `@faststore/core` package, which are included by default in FastStore projects. Learn more about the packages in [Understanding the project structure](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/getting-started-4-understanding-the-project-structure#packagejson).
```

updatedAt: "2025-10-01T17:28:03.333Z"
---

> >⚠️ This feature is in open beta phase. If you're interested in testing the feature, contact our [Support team](https://support.vtex.com/hc/en-us). For more information, see the [official announcement](https://help.vtex.com/announcements/2026-07-01-delivery-promise-in-open-beta).

Author: ```suggestion
>⚠️ This feature is in open beta phase. If you're interested in testing it, contact our [Support team](https://support.vtex.com/hc/en-us).
```

> >⚠️ This feature is in open beta phase. If you're interested in testing the feature, contact our Support team. [Support](https://support.vtex.com/hc/en-us). For more information, see the [official announcement](https://help.vtex.com/announcements/2026-07-01-delivery-promise-in-open-beta).

Author: ```suggestion
>⚠️ This feature is in open beta phase. If you're interested in testing the feature, contact our [Support team](https://support.vtex.com/hc/en-us). For more information, see the [official announcement](https://help.vtex.com/announcements/2026-07-01-delivery-promise-in-open-beta).
```
